enterprise/getting-started.mdx, before:

---
title: "Getting Started"
description: "Learn about the benefits of Superwhisper Enterprise and how to set up your organization."
---

## Why Superwhisper Enterprise?

Superwhisper Enterprise is designed to help organizations deploy and manage Superwhisper across their workforce. Here's what you get with an enterprise account:

### Centralized Billing

Manage all your organization's Superwhisper licenses from a single billing dashboard. No more individual subscriptions or expense reports - purchase seats for your team and manage everything in one place.

### Centralized Authentication

Choose the authentication method that works best for your organization:

- **Google OAuth** - Allow members to sign in with their Google Workspace accounts
- **SAML SSO** - Integrate with your existing identity provider (Okta, Microsoft Entra ID, Google, or any SAML 2.0 compatible provider)

This ensures only authorized employees can access your organization's Superwhisper licenses.

### Centralized Model Distribution

Configure which AI models your employees can use. You can:

- Allow access to Superwhisper's cloud models
- Configure custom models with your own API credentials
- Restrict usage to only your organization's approved AI providers

Models are automatically distributed to members every time they start the app.

### In-App Configuration

Deploy consistent settings across your organization. When members activate their license, they receive your organization's configuration automatically - and it stays up to date with every app launch.

### Usage Analytics (Optional)

Optionally collect usage-based statistics to gauge employee adoption and understand how your team is using Superwhisper. This helps you make informed decisions about training and deployment.

## Get Started

Ready to set up Superwhisper for your organization?

Head to [superwhisper.com/enterprise/signup](https://superwhisper.com/enterprise/signup) to get started. You'll be able to choose between **Google OAuth** or **SAML SSO** for your organization's authentication setup.

Once your account is created, you can:

1. [Configure authentication](/enterprise/saml_sso) (if using SAML SSO)
2. [Set up billing](/enterprise/billing) and purchase seats
3. [Invite members](/enterprise/member_management) to your organization
4. [Configure models](/enterprise/models) for your team

## Support

Have questions about enterprise setup? We're here to help:

- Email us at enterprise@superwhisper.com
- Request a shared Slack channel for faster communication
- Schedule a call for personalized assistance

Commit message:

Swap order, action first, then more reading for people who want info

enterprise/getting-started.mdx, after:

---
title: "Getting Started"
description: "Set up Superwhisper Enterprise for your organization."
---

## Get Started

Head to [superwhisper.com/enterprise/signup](https://superwhisper.com/enterprise/signup) to set up your organization. You'll choose between **Google OAuth** or **SAML SSO** for authentication.

Once your account is created, you can:

1. [Configure authentication](/enterprise/saml_sso) (if using SAML SSO)
2. [Set up billing](/enterprise/billing) and purchase seats
3. [Invite members](/enterprise/member_management) to your organization
4. [Configure models](/enterprise/models) for your team

Want to learn more about what's included? Read on below.

## Why Superwhisper Enterprise?

Superwhisper Enterprise is designed to help organizations deploy and manage Superwhisper across their workforce. Here's what you get:

### Centralized Billing

Manage all your organization's Superwhisper licenses from a single billing dashboard. No more individual subscriptions or expense reports—purchase seats for your team and manage everything in one place.

### Centralized Authentication

Choose the authentication method that works best for your organization:

- **Google OAuth** - Allow members to sign in with their Google Workspace accounts
- **SAML SSO** - Integrate with your existing identity provider (Okta, Microsoft, Google, or any SAML 2.0 compatible provider)

This lets your employees sign in with their existing credentials and automatically receive a Superwhisper license—no extra setup required.

### Centralized Model Distribution

Configure which AI models your employees can use:

- Allow access to Superwhisper's cloud models
- Configure custom models with your own API credentials
- Restrict usage to only your organization's approved AI providers

Models are automatically distributed to members every time they start the app.

### In-App Configuration

Deploy consistent settings across your organization. When members activate their license, they receive your organization's configuration automatically—and it stays up to date with every app launch.

### Usage Analytics (Optional)

Optionally collect usage-based statistics to gauge employee adoption and understand how your team is using Superwhisper. This helps you make informed decisions about training and deployment.

## Support

Have questions about enterprise setup? We're here to help:

- Email us at enterprise@superwhisper.com
- Request a shared Slack channel for faster communication
- Schedule a call for personalized assistance
