get-started/settings-shortcuts.mdx, before:

---
title: "Keyboard Shortcuts"
description: "Customize your keyboard shortcuts to control your dictation efficiently and enhance your productivity with quick commands"
---

<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  src="/images/get-started/settings-shortcuts.png"
  alt="Superwhisper Keyboard Shortcuts"
/>

Access the Keyboard Shortcuts section in Superwhisper's Configuration tab. Each shortcut can be modified to avoid conflicts with other applications and create a workflow that feels natural to you.

---
## Toggle Recording
Set up a keyboard combination to start and stop your recordings. Single modifier keys (like Left Command, Right Command, or Fn key) can be used independently, providing additional flexibility in your shortcut configuration.

---
## Cancel Recording
This command allows you to cancel an active recording:
- For recordings under 30 seconds: Cancels immediately
- For longer recordings: Shows a confirmation prompt to prevent accidental cancellations

<Note>
After completing your recording, your dictation enters the processing stage. During this time, using the cancel shortcut will only hide the recording window.
</Note>

---
## Change Mode
This keyboard shortcut allows you to switch between different modes:
- Hold your chosen modifier key and tap the assigned key to cycle through modes
- Only works when the recording window is active
- Make sure to select your mode before starting dictation

---
## Push-to-Talk
Enables precise control over your recording sessions:
- Press and hold to record
- Release to stop recording
- Can share the same shortcut as Toggle Recording

<Info>
If you're setting up a shared shortcut for Push-to-Talk and Toggle Recording, try pressing the main key before adding modifier keys if you encounter configuration issues.
</Info>

---
## Explore More
<Card title="Beyond Shortcuts" icon="wand-magic-sparkles" href="../modes/switching-modes">
   Discover more ways to switch modes in Superwhisper. Use auto-activation rules, deep links, or automation tools - ideal for power users looking to enhance their workflow.
</Card>

Commit message:

Updates on Silence Removal toggle and Selected Text Toggle

get-started/settings-shortcuts.mdx, after:

---
title: "Keyboard Shortcuts"
description: "Customize your keyboard shortcuts to control your dictation efficiently and enhance your productivity with quick commands"
---

<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  src="/images/get-started/settings-shortcuts.png"
  alt="Superwhisper Keyboard Shortcuts"
/>

Access the Keyboard Shortcuts section in Superwhisper's Configuration tab. Each shortcut can be modified to avoid conflicts with other applications and create a workflow that feels natural to you.

---
## Toggle Recording
Set up a keyboard combination to start and stop your recordings. Single modifier keys (like Left Command, Right Command, or Fn key) can be used independently, providing additional flexibility in your shortcut configuration.

---
## Cancel Recording
This command allows you to cancel an active recording:
- For recordings under 30 seconds: Cancels immediately
- For longer recordings: Shows a confirmation prompt to prevent accidental cancellations

<Note>
After completing your recording, your dictation enters the processing stage. During this time, using the cancel shortcut will only hide the recording window.
</Note>

---
## Change Mode
This keyboard shortcut allows you to switch between different modes:
- Hold your chosen modifier key and tap the assigned key to cycle through modes
- For greater flexibility, you can change your mode before or during dictation

---
## Push-to-Talk
Enables precise control over your recording sessions:
- Press and hold to record
- Release to stop recording
- Can share the same shortcut as Toggle Recording

<Info>
If you're setting up a shared shortcut for Push-to-Talk and Toggle Recording, try pressing the main key before adding modifier keys if you encounter configuration issues.
</Info>

---
## Mouse Shortcut
Assign a mouse button to control your recording with dual functionality:
- Quick click: Acts as toggle recording (start/stop with each click)
- Press and hold: Functions as push-to-talk (records while button is held)

<Note>
Mouse button functionality depends on your hardware compatibility. Some mice only register clicks and can't detect sustained holds, limiting this feature to specific buttons or models.
</Note>

---
## Explore More
<Card title="Beyond Shortcuts" icon="wand-magic-sparkles" href="../modes/switching-modes">
   Discover more ways to switch modes in Superwhisper. Use auto-activation rules, deep links, or automation tools - ideal for power users looking to enhance their workflow.
</Card>
